Come in.
Not sure that's the best idea.
And why not?
I'm just an intern.
That's nonsense.
Please.
Have a seat.
I just wanted to apologize.
For?
For their behavior.
I mean, you just started here.
And you're already having to deal with a toxic culture of bullying and put downs.
You deserve better.
I just want to never thought she'd be such a bitch.
Who?
George Murphy's daughter.
She's a monster.
Kinda hurts to hear that, even though I know he isn't talking about me.
Careful.
That's your fiance you're talking about.
I didn't choose her.
I owe Mr. Murphy everything.
Though my company believed in me when I had nothing.
He's like a father to me.
But this favorite of Mary's daughter?
I'm not so sure about it.
Really?
Yeah.
I mean, the only thing she has going for is her money.
Which isn't even her's.
I am so much more than my money.
Maybe you haven't gotten the chance to really know her.
The real Miss Murphy.
Celina, I have zero interest in doing Miss Murphy.